Add conventions to contributors index (#4)
VSC-NeuroPilot/docs: src/content/docs/contributors/index.mdx

- Put everything you're working on inside `project-files/`. This is a folder that is gitignored & vscodeignored by default, allowing you to store work-in-progress files without leaving them untracked.
- Try to open an issue for feature additions/non-patch changes. This will allow us to track progress via milestone, and also allow discussion while being able to link to other issues/PRs.
- Discussing on the thread in the Neuro Discord is also okay, it can also be used to post progress updates that don't need to be posted on GitHub (also gives updates to people who are following the thread but not the repo).

> - Anything new, changed or removed should be documented on the docs repo.

Reviewer: Clarify so people don't document every refactor here. Also link to the repo.

```suggestion
- Any new, changed or removed feature should be documented on the [docs repo](https://github.com/VSC-NeuroPilot/docs).
```
